= scout_scout

A library for extracting data out of Scout[http//:scoutapp.com], a hosted monitoring service. This is experimental and likely to change. 

  require 'scout_scout'
  scout = ScoutScout.new('youraccountname', 'your@awesome.com', 'sekret')

  #all your servers
  servers = scout.servers

  #one specific server - pass in hostname
  ram_hungry = ScoutScout::Server.first('db1.awesome.com')

  #all servers that match the hostname.
  # see mysql regex formatting: http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/regexp.html
  app_servers = ScoutScout::Server.all(:host => 'db[0-9]*.awesome.com')

  #details on that server's plugins
  ram_hungry_plugins = ram_hungry.plugins

  #details about a specific plugin
  data = ram_hungry.plugin(12345)

  #detauls on that server's triggers
  ram_hungry_triggers = ram_hungry.triggers

  #details about triggers for a specific plugin
  plugin_triggers = ram_hungry.plugin(12345).triggers

  #all available descriptors
  descriptors = ScoutScout::Descriptor.all
  
  # all descriptors on servers that match the provided host
  descriptors = ScoutScout::Descriptor.all(:host => 'awesome.com')

  #cluster metrics
  ScoutScout::Cluster.average('mem_used')

== Metrics

The library allows you to extract aggregate metrics across all and/or
selected servers in your account. See <tt>Cluster#average</tt> for
information and examples.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jesse Newland, Derek Haynes. See LICENSE for details.
